Little brother, you are the father
Xiao Yingfeng is more handsome than I thought
Just talk
What are you doing so close to him?
The girl is the one who hit me
As a demon
Was wounded by a mortal
Are you ashamed?
Is it your father, the Demon Lord Xuanying?
I just happened to be a great success
I am looking for you to report to God Yunzong
The revenge of 400 years ago
Xiao Yinfeng is actually related to Shenyun Sect
Who is it?
I didn't expect Xiao Yingfeng to have such a secret past
Witch, it was you who killed my master's family back then
Today I want you to pay with blood
Master, big brother is amazing.
Go quickly
Unexpectedly, the dog demon with a hundred years of cultivation
Can't resist the witch's blow
Ah!
little brother
Looking at your fine skin and tender meat, I can't bear to kill you
Why don't you hand over Kamitani?
Spare you
Let go of my brother
The world need not worry
He can't hurt me, so what?
No witch let him go
Come to me if you have the ability
Xiaomei, are you alright?
Toast without penalty
That's not enough strength for me to tickle
Hahaha
The scene of Shenyun Sect being wiped out
Have you forgotten?
Waste thanks to you
Never dare to forget
Dare to be arrogant in front of me
You are very brave
I'm not brave
On the contrary, I am very cowardly
What do you mean?